The boy really doesn't know how to die
Hahaha
Your ignorance surprises me more and more
Good Li Juan
Now I will find some excitement from you
Xu Kunzhenren
Kill this trash
Shouldn't be needed.
It takes you a finger.
The boy has the virtue of good life
I won't kill you today
Why don't you kneel down and beg for mercy?
I promise I'll only cripple your limbs today
Then you are weird
I don't care if you kill me or not
But you must die today
Boy is tired of living today
The Taoist priest gave him a taste
I want to make him miserable
Li Xuan, hurry up
Quiet, what's coming at me?
I will atone for my parents
I believe no one dares to kill the daughter of Prince Daxia
I'm sorry for my father's sins
Today is the day to pay off the debt
End of story.
Still a lung that only hides behind women
It's disgusting that two beautiful women are going to disappoint you
Lao Nak has the art of grasping
Even if there are 10 or 100 standing in front of him
The old man stole the life
Step on an ant
No need for such a big burst
Ye Xuan, your arrogant drumming
Why do I like it more and more?
Xu Gongren
Just use the kind that breaks his limbs
The whole body is down like a practice full of 10,000 needles
I want to see him live or die
The boy remembers that the emperor has to pay the price in blood
Yeah, the small one is a bit ben.